# Pierreanalytics

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.2.3. You can view a production version at https://www.pierreanalytics.com/

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files. To spin up the Express.Js backend, navigate to the backend folder and run `node dev.js`. SQL files should all be available, reach out to me if you want the most up to date version. Also feel free if you have any suggestions to switching to, ya know an actual database, and not this SQLite3 shit.

## Website Components

### Landing Page

List of all current NHL skaters with at least 100 minutes of ice time in the specified season and goaltenders with at least 300 minutes of ice time. Can filter by season (Earliest is 2017-2018), team, position, and nationality.

### Scores (Unavailable)

Datepicker where you can select a day and view the best and worst performers, skaters and goalies, as well as score graphics. Unavailable because of the NHL API changes.

### About

Very self explanatory, section that describes the website and my background.

### Leaderboards

A leaderboard of eligible skaters that can be sorted by the following statistics:
  - EV Goals/60
  - Goals Saved Above Expected
  - EV Primary Assists/60
  - EV xG%
  - EV xGF
  - EV xGA

Would like to get goalies on here at some point! Also can filter on this tab.

### Standings

Updated every Sunday. Teams displayed with their expected points, which is generated by me and will be in a seperate repo and their actual.

### Player Cards

#### Skaters

Percentile rankings (hopefully will change to z scores before the 2024-2025 season) for a multitude of statistics. Also contains misc information about a player, their headshot, action shot, and NHL edge link.
There is a goal plot that links to video of their goals, as well as a goal and primary assist table below that does the same.

#### Goalies
Very similar to skaters, just different statistics and the videos are goals that they have conceded.

## PR Rules
I won't be super strict, just please do a better job of documenting than I did. Have a screenshot/video in the description of your PRs! Create a new branch and merge to dev.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page. If you have any questions, feel free to hit me up on here, LinkedIn, or Twitter.
